Documentation so far: 

1. make a new folder in C:// and name it something ("Stm32Beamforming")
2. open a terminal in the folder and git init a new repo
3. create a new repo on github 
4. set the remote origin to the github repo with git-set--upstream 
5. add a readme.md and a .git ignore 
5. configure the terminal and add a .vscode file and a settings.json file within that 
6. download mys. The most recent release. 
7. add paths to reconfigure the default shell environment. Add one for git bash and for mys, so that you can toggle betten them with the + in the right 
hand corner of the terminal tab. 
8. download the arm-gnu-toolchain-15.2.rel1-mingw-w64-x86_64-arm-none-eabi package. 
9. extract all files and then go into the /bin folder. Save the path to the /bin for step 13 onward
10. copy the path to that folder, open your system environment variables, and create a new system environment variable in the "path" section 
by clicking "New" and pasting the path you copied. 
11. Make sure that python3 is downloaded. 
12. Find the folder that the python3.exe is located in and add it to your path environment variables. Save the path on paperSave the path for step 13 onward
11. open mys. 
12. download pacman. 
13. open a mys mingw64 terminal and in the mys terminal, enter "echo $PATH"" 
14. if you don't see the bin folder for the compiler, use the commands : 
a. nano etc/profile. In the terminal, a sort of app like thing will pop up with a bunch of options at the bottom. Click through to the bottom of the 
nano page using the keyboard down arrows, until you get to the very bottom. 
b. add "export PATH=$"PATH:{thePathYouCopied}" (or something like this) to the bottom 
c. add "expor PATH = $PATH: {path to the python3.exe}" beneath b.

then click: 
a. Ctl+o to save 
b. enter to confirm 
c. Ctl+x to exit nano 

15. kill the terminal, and reopen a new one 
16. now you can use the commands :
a. which arm-none-eabi-gcc
14. python3 --version 

valid responses will show you that those environmnet variables are now accessible in your mys environment. 


Part b. Setting up the git repo 

15. Open your git repo. You need a couple of folders. create a main one for your application code, create an include folder to contain your .h 
files, and the src folder to include the source code .c files. 
16. within src create main.c 

16. add a .gitignore to the root folder, and put in the binaries we want to exclude form our gitcommits automatically 

then, within the app folder, create a new file called "Makefile". vscode will already recognize this as special and label it with an M. 
I forget where I got the rules.,l and the Makefile, I created them by reading the libopencm3 template repo (paste link), looking at the libopencm3 examples for 
stm32 in the examples repo (paste link) and referencing a repo I saw in a baremetal c programming series I saw: (paste link to video)
-there are certian flags in there that are especially important. Everything i know about libopencm3 i found on a deepwiki, this thing 
is super thorough, I just read the sections and by the end of it I gathered that this is generally how libopencm3 works: 


Part 3. a description of how libopencm3 works





Pat 4. Back to the instructions 

15. git clone submodule {link to the repo} the libopencm3 repo in your main root folder on C:/ mine is "stm32beamforming" 
16. submodules are the way to go here, it makes you able to treat the libopencm3 repo separately from your app code, update it independently and check
out certain commits of it without affecting the rest of your git repo. Its the way I saw it done in every resource including the libopencm3 documentations
when you create one a .gitmodules file will pop up automatically 

16. Once you've got the rules.mk in you root folder, and the other files including the whole submodule, open a mysginw64 terminal. 
a. cd the libopencm3 library 
b. enter "make" in the terminal. This will build the makefile, nd based on your own makefile within the aoo/ folder, where you've defined what device you are targetting 
and thats all good 

c. then cd .. back into your app and make that . you will have a successful make output. (Stm32Beamforming.bin) 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Part 2 the programming section 
1. write a rough draft for the sign of life test